docs/actions/addnewreminder.md, before:


## Add New Reminder / addnewreminder (internally `is.workflow.actions.addnewreminder`)

> This action is not yet complete. Some arguments may be missing.


> This action requires that Shortcuts has permission to use WFReminderAccessResource.

### usage
`addnewreminder title=[string|text] undefined=[???] undefined=[???] remind=[string <${strInfo}>] wheni=[string <${strInfo}>] radius=[string number] undefined=[???] undefined=[???] notes=[string|text]`

### arguments
### Text Input: Title / title (internally `WFCalendarItemTitle`)
**Placeholder**: Buy some milk
**Allows Variables**: true


Accepts a string 
or text
with the text.

---

This paramtype is not implemented. WFCalendarPickerParameter

---

This paramtype is not implemented. WFExpandingParameter

---

### Enumeration: Remind / remind (internally `WFAlertTrigger`)
**Allows Variables**: true


Accepts a string 
or variable
containing one of the options:

- `At Time`
- `At Location`

---

### Enumeration: When I... / wheni (internally `WFAlertLocationProximity`)
**Allows Variables**: true


Accepts a string 
or variable
containing one of the options:

- `Enter`
- `Leave`

---

### Number: Radius / radius (internally `WFAlertLocationRadius`)
**Placeholder**: in meters
**Default Value**: 300
**Allows Variables**: true


Accepts a string 
or variable
with a number.

---

This paramtype is not implemented. WFLocationFieldParameter

---

This paramtype is not implemented. WFDateFieldParameter

---

### Text Input: Notes / notes (internally `WFCalendarItemNotes`)
**Placeholder**: Notes
**Allows Variables**: true


Accepts a string 
or text
with the text.

Commit message:

Param: Add support for WFExpandingParameter and improve boolean argname

docs/actions/addnewreminder.md, after:


## Add New Reminder / addnewreminder (internally `is.workflow.actions.addnewreminder`)

> This action is not yet complete. Some arguments may be missing.


> This action requires that Shortcuts has permission to use WFReminderAccessResource.

### usage
`addnewreminder title=[string|text] undefined=[???] remindme=[string boolean] remind=[string <${strInfo}>] wheni=[string <${strInfo}>] radius=[string number] undefined=[???] undefined=[???] notes=[string|text]`

### arguments
### Text Input: Title / title (internally `WFCalendarItemTitle`)
**Placeholder**: Buy some milk
**Allows Variables**: true


Accepts a string 
or text
with the text.

---

This paramtype is not implemented. WFCalendarPickerParameter

---

### Expand Arrow: Remind Me / remindme (internally `WFCalendarItemAlert`)


Accepts a string with either true or false for if this
parameter is expanded or not.

---

### Enumeration: Remind / remind (internally `WFAlertTrigger`)
**Allows Variables**: true


Accepts a string 
or variable
containing one of the options:

- `At Time`
- `At Location`

---

### Enumeration: When I... / wheni (internally `WFAlertLocationProximity`)
**Allows Variables**: true


Accepts a string 
or variable
containing one of the options:

- `Enter`
- `Leave`

---

### Number: Radius / radius (internally `WFAlertLocationRadius`)
**Placeholder**: in meters
**Default Value**: 300
**Allows Variables**: true


Accepts a string 
or variable
with a number.

---

This paramtype is not implemented. WFLocationFieldParameter

---

This paramtype is not implemented. WFDateFieldParameter

---

### Text Input: Notes / notes (internally `WFCalendarItemNotes`)
**Placeholder**: Notes
**Allows Variables**: true


Accepts a string 
or text
with the text.
