docs/actions/addtopinboard.md, before:


## Add to Pinboard / AddtoPinboard (internally `is.workflow.actions.pinboard.add`)

> This action requires that Shortcuts has permission to use WFPinboardAccessResource.


## description

### summary

Adds the URL passed into the action to your Pinboard.


### usage
```
AddtoPinboard title="string" tags="string" public=(true | false | variable) unread=(true | false | variable) description="string"
```

### arguments

---

### title: Text [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#text-field)
**Placeholder**: `"optional"`
**Allows Variables**: true



Accepts a string 
or text
with the text.

---

### tags: Text [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#text-field)
**Placeholder**: `"apple longread"`
**Allows Variables**: true



Accepts a string 
or text
with the text.

---

### public: Switch [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#switch-or-expanding-or-boolean-fields)
**Default Value**: ```
		true
		```
**Allows Variables**: true



Accepts a boolean
or a variable.

---

### unread: Switch [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#switch-or-expanding-or-boolean-fields)
**Default Value**: ```
		true
		```
**Allows Variables**: true



Accepts a boolean
or a variable.

---

### description: Text [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#text-field)
**Placeholder**: `"Description"`
**Allows Variables**: true



Accepts a string 
or text
with the text.

---

### source json (for developers)

```json
{
	"ActionClass": "WFPinboardAddAction",
	"ActionKeywords": [
		"URL",
		"web",
		"later",
		"save",
		"pinboard"
	],
	"AppSection": "Pinboard",
	"Category": "Web",
	"CreationDate": "2015-01-11T06:00:00.000Z",
	"Description": {
		"DescriptionSummary": "Adds the URL passed into the action to your Pinboard."
	},
	"IconName": "Pinboard.png",
	"Input": {
		"Multiple": false,
		"Required": true,
		"Types": [
			"WFURLContentItem"
		]
	},
	"InputPassthrough": true,
	"Name": "Add to Pinboard",
	"Parameters": [
		{
			"AutocapitalizationType": "Words",
			"Class": "WFTextInputParameter",
			"Key": "WFPinTitle",
			"Label": "Title",
			"Placeholder": "optional"
		},
		{
			"AutocapitalizationType": "None",
			"Class": "WFTextInputParameter",
			"Key": "WFPinTags",
			"Label": "Tags",
			"Placeholder": "apple longread"
		},
		{
			"Class": "WFSwitchParameter",
			"DefaultValue": true,
			"Key": "WFPinPublic",
			"Label": "Public"
		},
		{
			"Class": "WFSwitchParameter",
			"DefaultValue": true,
			"Key": "WFPinUnread",
			"Label": "Unread"
		},
		{
			"Class": "WFTextInputParameter",
			"Key": "WFPinDescription",
			"Label": "Description",
			"Multiline": true,
			"Placeholder": "Description"
		}
	],
	"RequiredResources": [
		"WFPinboardAccessResource"
	]
}
```

Commit message:

Docs: Update docs to say if text fields allow newlines

docs/actions/addtopinboard.md, after:


## Add to Pinboard / AddtoPinboard (internally `is.workflow.actions.pinboard.add`)

> This action requires that Shortcuts has permission to use WFPinboardAccessResource.


## description

### summary

Adds the URL passed into the action to your Pinboard.


### usage
```
AddtoPinboard title="string" tags="string" public=(true | false | variable) unread=(true | false | variable) description="string"
```

### arguments

---

### title: Text [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#text-field)
**Placeholder**: `"optional"`
**Allows Variables**: true



Accepts a string 
or text
with the text. Does not allow newlines.

---

### tags: Text [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#text-field)
**Placeholder**: `"apple longread"`
**Allows Variables**: true



Accepts a string 
or text
with the text. Does not allow newlines.

---

### public: Switch [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#switch-or-expanding-or-boolean-fields)
**Default Value**: ```
		true
		```
**Allows Variables**: true



Accepts a boolean
or a variable.

---

### unread: Switch [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#switch-or-expanding-or-boolean-fields)
**Default Value**: ```
		true
		```
**Allows Variables**: true



Accepts a boolean
or a variable.

---

### description: Text [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#text-field)
**Placeholder**: `"Description"`
**Allows Variables**: true



Accepts a string 
or text
with the text. Allows newlines.

---

### source json (for developers)

```json
{
	"ActionClass": "WFPinboardAddAction",
	"ActionKeywords": [
		"URL",
		"web",
		"later",
		"save",
		"pinboard"
	],
	"AppSection": "Pinboard",
	"Category": "Web",
	"CreationDate": "2015-01-11T06:00:00.000Z",
	"Description": {
		"DescriptionSummary": "Adds the URL passed into the action to your Pinboard."
	},
	"IconName": "Pinboard.png",
	"Input": {
		"Multiple": false,
		"Required": true,
		"Types": [
			"WFURLContentItem"
		]
	},
	"InputPassthrough": true,
	"Name": "Add to Pinboard",
	"Parameters": [
		{
			"AutocapitalizationType": "Words",
			"Class": "WFTextInputParameter",
			"Key": "WFPinTitle",
			"Label": "Title",
			"Placeholder": "optional"
		},
		{
			"AutocapitalizationType": "None",
			"Class": "WFTextInputParameter",
			"Key": "WFPinTags",
			"Label": "Tags",
			"Placeholder": "apple longread"
		},
		{
			"Class": "WFSwitchParameter",
			"DefaultValue": true,
			"Key": "WFPinPublic",
			"Label": "Public"
		},
		{
			"Class": "WFSwitchParameter",
			"DefaultValue": true,
			"Key": "WFPinUnread",
			"Label": "Unread"
		},
		{
			"Class": "WFTextInputParameter",
			"Key": "WFPinDescription",
			"Label": "Description",
			"Multiline": true,
			"Placeholder": "Description"
		}
	],
	"RequiredResources": [
		"WFPinboardAccessResource"
	]
}
```
