docs/actions/findhealthsamples.md, before:


## Find Health Samples / findhealthsamples (internally `is.workflow.actions.filter.health.quantity`)

> This action requires that Shortcuts has permission to use WFHealthKitResource,[object Object],[object Object].


## description

### usage
```
findhealthsamples 
```

### arguments

---



---

### source json (for developers)

```json
{
	"ActionClass": "WFFindHealthSamplesAction",
	"AppIdentifier": "com.apple.Health",
	"Category": "Health",
	"CreationDate": "2015-07-03T07:00:00.000Z",
	"Description": {
		"DescriptionNote": "If you only see some but not all of your data in the results, make sure that “Allow Shortcuts to read data” is set to on in the Health app."
	},
	"Name": "Find Health Samples",
	"RequiredResources": [
		"WFHealthKitResource",
		{
			"AccessType": "Read",
			"ReadableObjectTypeIdentifierKeyPath": "readableSampleType",
			"ReadableType": "Quantity",
			"WFResourceClass": "WFHealthKitAccessResource"
		},
		{
			"AccessType": "Read",
			"ReadableObjectTypeIdentifierKeyPath": "readableSampleType",
			"ReadableType": "Category",
			"WFResourceClass": "WFHealthKitAccessResource"
		}
	],
	"Subcategory": "Get",
	"SuggestedAsInitialAction": false,
	"WFContentItemClass": "WFHKSampleContentItem",
	"WFContentItemDefaultProperty": "Value"
}
```

Commit message:

Docs: Add the action note to documentation pages

docs/actions/findhealthsamples.md, after:


## Find Health Samples / findhealthsamples (internally `is.workflow.actions.filter.health.quantity`)

> This action requires that Shortcuts has permission to use WFHealthKitResource,[object Object],[object Object].


## description

### note

If you only see some but not all of your data in the results, make sure that “Allow Shortcuts to read data” is set to on in the Health app.


### usage
```
findhealthsamples 
```

### arguments

---



---

### source json (for developers)

```json
{
	"ActionClass": "WFFindHealthSamplesAction",
	"AppIdentifier": "com.apple.Health",
	"Category": "Health",
	"CreationDate": "2015-07-03T07:00:00.000Z",
	"Description": {
		"DescriptionNote": "If you only see some but not all of your data in the results, make sure that “Allow Shortcuts to read data” is set to on in the Health app."
	},
	"Name": "Find Health Samples",
	"RequiredResources": [
		"WFHealthKitResource",
		{
			"AccessType": "Read",
			"ReadableObjectTypeIdentifierKeyPath": "readableSampleType",
			"ReadableType": "Quantity",
			"WFResourceClass": "WFHealthKitAccessResource"
		},
		{
			"AccessType": "Read",
			"ReadableObjectTypeIdentifierKeyPath": "readableSampleType",
			"ReadableType": "Category",
			"WFResourceClass": "WFHealthKitAccessResource"
		}
	],
	"Subcategory": "Get",
	"SuggestedAsInitialAction": false,
	"WFContentItemClass": "WFHKSampleContentItem",
	"WFContentItemDefaultProperty": "Value"
}
```
