docs/actions/getdetailsofsafariwebpage.md, before:


## Get Details of Safari Web Page / getdetailsofsafariwebpage (internally `is.workflow.actions.properties.safariwebpage`)


## description

### usage
```
getdetailsofsafariwebpage get=("Name" | "Page Contents" | "Page URL" | "Page Selection")
```

### arguments

---

### get: Get Property [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#enum-select-field)
**Allows Variables**: true



Accepts a string 
or variable
containing one of the options:

- `Name`
- `Page Contents`
- `Page URL`
- `Page Selection`

---

### source json (for developers)

```json
{
	"ActionClass": "WFContentItemPropertiesAction",
	"AppIdentifier": "com.apple.mobilesafari",
	"Category": "Web",
	"CreationDate": "2016-03-07T08:00:00.000Z",
	"Description": {
		"DescriptionNote": "Safari Web Page items are only available when running your shortcut as an Action Extension in Safari."
	},
	"Name": "Get Details of Safari Web Page",
	"Subcategory": "Safari",
	"WFContentItemClass": "WFSafariWebPageContentItem"
}
```

Commit message:

Docs: Add the action note to documentation pages

docs/actions/getdetailsofsafariwebpage.md, after:


## Get Details of Safari Web Page / getdetailsofsafariwebpage (internally `is.workflow.actions.properties.safariwebpage`)


## description

### note

Safari Web Page items are only available when running your shortcut as an Action Extension in Safari.


### usage
```
getdetailsofsafariwebpage get=("Name" | "Page Contents" | "Page URL" | "Page Selection")
```

### arguments

---

### get: Get Property [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#enum-select-field)
**Allows Variables**: true



Accepts a string 
or variable
containing one of the options:

- `Name`
- `Page Contents`
- `Page URL`
- `Page Selection`

---

### source json (for developers)

```json
{
	"ActionClass": "WFContentItemPropertiesAction",
	"AppIdentifier": "com.apple.mobilesafari",
	"Category": "Web",
	"CreationDate": "2016-03-07T08:00:00.000Z",
	"Description": {
		"DescriptionNote": "Safari Web Page items are only available when running your shortcut as an Action Extension in Safari."
	},
	"Name": "Get Details of Safari Web Page",
	"Subcategory": "Safari",
	"WFContentItemClass": "WFSafariWebPageContentItem"
}
```
