docs/actions/gettraveltime.md, before:


## Get Travel Time / gettraveltime (internally `is.workflow.actions.gettraveltime`)

> This action requires that Shortcuts has permission to use WFMainThreadResource,WFLocationAccessResource.


## description

### summary

Estimates the amount of time it will take to travel to the location passed into this action.


### input

The destination


### output

The amount of time it will take to get to the destination. If passed into an action expecting a date, this will be the date and time of arrival if you leave now.

### usage
```
gettraveltime from=("Current Location" | "Custom Location" | variable) location="string" transportationmode=("Driving" | "Walking" | "Transit")
```

### arguments

---

### from: Enumeration [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#enum-select-field)
**Default Value**: `"Current Location"`


Accepts a string 
containing one of the options:

- `Current Location`
- `Custom Location`

---

### location: Location [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#text-field)
**Placeholder**: `"One Apple Park Way"`
**Allows Variables**: true

**Only enabled if**: argument WFGetDirectionsFrom == `Custom Location`

Accepts a string 
or text
with the text.

---

### transportationmode: Enumeration [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#enum-select-field)
**Default Value**: `"Driving"`
**Allows Variables**: true



Accepts a string 
or variable
containing one of the options:

- `Driving`
- `Walking`
- `Transit`

---

### source json (for developers)

```json
{
	"ActionClass": "WFGetTravelTimeAction",
	"ActionKeywords": [
		"maps",
		"directions",
		"calculate",
		"estimated",
		"arrival",
		"eta"
	],
	"AppIdentifier": "com.apple.Maps",
	"Category": "Location",
	"Description": {
		"DescriptionInput": "The destination",
		"DescriptionNote": "Travel times are provided by Apple Maps and take into account current traffic conditions.",
		"DescriptionResult": "The amount of time it will take to get to the destination. If passed into an action expecting a date, this will be the date and time of arrival if you leave now.",
		"DescriptionSummary": "Estimates the amount of time it will take to travel to the location passed into this action."
	},
	"Input": {
		"Multiple": false,
		"Required": true,
		"Types": [
			"NSString",
			"CLLocation",
			"MKMapItem"
		]
	},
	"LastModifiedDate": "2015-08-20T07:00:00.000Z",
	"Name": "Get Travel Time",
	"Output": {
		"Multiple": false,
		"OutputName": "Travel Time",
		"Types": [
			"WFTimeInterval"
		]
	},
	"Parameters": [
		{
			"Class": "WFEnumerationParameter",
			"DefaultValue": "Current Location",
			"DisallowedVariableTypes": [
				"Ask",
				"Variable"
			],
			"Items": [
				"Current Location",
				"Custom Location"
			],
			"Key": "WFGetDirectionsFrom",
			"Label": "From"
		},
		{
			"Class": "WFLocationFieldParameter",
			"Key": "WFGetDirectionsCustomLocation",
			"Label": "Location",
			"Placeholder": "One Apple Park Way",
			"RequiredResources": [
				{
					"WFParameterKey": "WFGetDirectionsFrom",
					"WFParameterValue": "Custom Location",
					"WFResourceClass": "WFParameterRelationResource"
				}
			],
			"TextAlignment": "Right"
		},
		{
			"Class": "WFEnumerationParameter",
			"DefaultValue": "Driving",
			"Items": [
				"Driving",
				"Walking",
				"Transit"
			],
			"Key": "WFGetDirectionsActionMode",
			"Label": "Transportation Mode"
		}
	],
	"RequiredResources": [
		"WFMainThreadResource",
		"WFLocationAccessResource"
	],
	"Subcategory": "Maps",
	"UnsupportedEnvironments": [
		"Background"
	]
}
```

Commit message:

Docs: Add the action note to documentation pages

docs/actions/gettraveltime.md, after:


## Get Travel Time / gettraveltime (internally `is.workflow.actions.gettraveltime`)

> This action requires that Shortcuts has permission to use WFMainThreadResource,WFLocationAccessResource.


## description

### summary

Estimates the amount of time it will take to travel to the location passed into this action.


### note

Travel times are provided by Apple Maps and take into account current traffic conditions.


### input

The destination


### output

The amount of time it will take to get to the destination. If passed into an action expecting a date, this will be the date and time of arrival if you leave now.

### usage
```
gettraveltime from=("Current Location" | "Custom Location" | variable) location="string" transportationmode=("Driving" | "Walking" | "Transit")
```

### arguments

---

### from: Enumeration [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#enum-select-field)
**Default Value**: `"Current Location"`


Accepts a string 
containing one of the options:

- `Current Location`
- `Custom Location`

---

### location: Location [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#text-field)
**Placeholder**: `"One Apple Park Way"`
**Allows Variables**: true

**Only enabled if**: argument WFGetDirectionsFrom == `Custom Location`

Accepts a string 
or text
with the text.

---

### transportationmode: Enumeration [(Docs)](https://pfgithub.github.io/shortcutslang/gettingstarted#enum-select-field)
**Default Value**: `"Driving"`
**Allows Variables**: true



Accepts a string 
or variable
containing one of the options:

- `Driving`
- `Walking`
- `Transit`

---

### source json (for developers)

```json
{
	"ActionClass": "WFGetTravelTimeAction",
	"ActionKeywords": [
		"maps",
		"directions",
		"calculate",
		"estimated",
		"arrival",
		"eta"
	],
	"AppIdentifier": "com.apple.Maps",
	"Category": "Location",
	"Description": {
		"DescriptionInput": "The destination",
		"DescriptionNote": "Travel times are provided by Apple Maps and take into account current traffic conditions.",
		"DescriptionResult": "The amount of time it will take to get to the destination. If passed into an action expecting a date, this will be the date and time of arrival if you leave now.",
		"DescriptionSummary": "Estimates the amount of time it will take to travel to the location passed into this action."
	},
	"Input": {
		"Multiple": false,
		"Required": true,
		"Types": [
			"NSString",
			"CLLocation",
			"MKMapItem"
		]
	},
	"LastModifiedDate": "2015-08-20T07:00:00.000Z",
	"Name": "Get Travel Time",
	"Output": {
		"Multiple": false,
		"OutputName": "Travel Time",
		"Types": [
			"WFTimeInterval"
		]
	},
	"Parameters": [
		{
			"Class": "WFEnumerationParameter",
			"DefaultValue": "Current Location",
			"DisallowedVariableTypes": [
				"Ask",
				"Variable"
			],
			"Items": [
				"Current Location",
				"Custom Location"
			],
			"Key": "WFGetDirectionsFrom",
			"Label": "From"
		},
		{
			"Class": "WFLocationFieldParameter",
			"Key": "WFGetDirectionsCustomLocation",
			"Label": "Location",
			"Placeholder": "One Apple Park Way",
			"RequiredResources": [
				{
					"WFParameterKey": "WFGetDirectionsFrom",
					"WFParameterValue": "Custom Location",
					"WFResourceClass": "WFParameterRelationResource"
				}
			],
			"TextAlignment": "Right"
		},
		{
			"Class": "WFEnumerationParameter",
			"DefaultValue": "Driving",
			"Items": [
				"Driving",
				"Walking",
				"Transit"
			],
			"Key": "WFGetDirectionsActionMode",
			"Label": "Transportation Mode"
		}
	],
	"RequiredResources": [
		"WFMainThreadResource",
		"WFLocationAccessResource"
	],
	"Subcategory": "Maps",
	"UnsupportedEnvironments": [
		"Background"
	]
}
```
