docs/actions/removereminders.md, before:


## Remove Reminders / removereminders (internally `is.workflow.actions.removereminders`)

> This action requires that Shortcuts has permission to use WFReminderAccessResource,WFUserInteractionResource.


## description

### summary

Removes all reminders passed into the action from the lists they are contained in.


### usage
```
removereminders 
```

### arguments

---



---

### source json (for developers)

```json
{
	"ActionClass": "WFRemoveCalendarItemsAction",
	"ActionKeywords": [
		"calendar",
		"delete"
	],
	"AppIdentifier": "com.apple.reminders",
	"Category": "Calendar",
	"CreationDate": "2015-01-11T06:00:00.000Z",
	"Description": {
		"DescriptionNote": "This is a destructive and permanent action. You will be asked to confirm before reminders are removed.",
		"DescriptionSummary": "Removes all reminders passed into the action from the lists they are contained in."
	},
	"Input": {
		"Multiple": true,
		"Required": true,
		"Types": [
			"EKReminder"
		]
	},
	"InputPassthrough": false,
	"Name": "Remove Reminders",
	"RequiredResources": [
		"WFReminderAccessResource",
		"WFUserInteractionResource"
	],
	"Subcategory": "Reminders",
	"WFCalendarItemEntityType": "Reminder"
}
```

Commit message:

Docs: Add the action note to documentation pages

docs/actions/removereminders.md, after:


## Remove Reminders / removereminders (internally `is.workflow.actions.removereminders`)

> This action requires that Shortcuts has permission to use WFReminderAccessResource,WFUserInteractionResource.


## description

### summary

Removes all reminders passed into the action from the lists they are contained in.


### note

This is a destructive and permanent action. You will be asked to confirm before reminders are removed.


### usage
```
removereminders 
```

### arguments

---



---

### source json (for developers)

```json
{
	"ActionClass": "WFRemoveCalendarItemsAction",
	"ActionKeywords": [
		"calendar",
		"delete"
	],
	"AppIdentifier": "com.apple.reminders",
	"Category": "Calendar",
	"CreationDate": "2015-01-11T06:00:00.000Z",
	"Description": {
		"DescriptionNote": "This is a destructive and permanent action. You will be asked to confirm before reminders are removed.",
		"DescriptionSummary": "Removes all reminders passed into the action from the lists they are contained in."
	},
	"Input": {
		"Multiple": true,
		"Required": true,
		"Types": [
			"EKReminder"
		]
	},
	"InputPassthrough": false,
	"Name": "Remove Reminders",
	"RequiredResources": [
		"WFReminderAccessResource",
		"WFUserInteractionResource"
	],
	"Subcategory": "Reminders",
	"WFCalendarItemEntityType": "Reminder"
}
```
